All right, well, let's see if we can
style these EntryCards a little bit.
We'll need some more information to truly
get them where we want them to be, but
we'll style them as much as we can.
And then we will work on getting
the editor for the entry.
So when you click on it,
you go to the actual page,
there's an editor there on
which you can edit the entry.
We'll get that smooth going with
auto-saving and stuff like that,
and then we can hook up the AI part to it,
which does the analysis on it.
So, okay, let's start with that then.
First thing first is,
let me just close all these windows, is,
yeah, let's work on making that
EntryCard look a little better.
So I already have some CSS for
that as well.
I'm gonna go to this little
EntryCard I have here.
Just gonna copy this, come here.
And I'm just gonna just paste
it in here in my EntryCard.
A few things happen in here,
kind of talk about it,
but, I mean, it's mostly just CSS, right?
There's only some JavaScript about the
date, and I'll tell you why I did that.
But yeah, I mean, it's just a card
with a rounded corner, background,
and shadow, just like the other card,
and a bunch of padding.
This right here where it says,
small colon, this is for responsiveness.
So it's like, hey, when you're on
a small screen, do px instead.
I'm actually just gonna take all this off.
I think at one point I was gonna make
this responsive, and then I was like,
I'm not doing this.
[LAUGH] So, I didn't, this is not
a design class, this is not gonna happen.
So you don't need that, and I'll just put
the date, analysis, and analysis.mood.
We don't have these yet, so
this is probably going to freak out.
Right, so I'm just going to
put something else in here for
now that just says summary, and then mood.
We will have date, though.
So the reason I had to
do this with a date,
because date itself is a date object.
You can't render an object in React,
it'll get an error.
It'll say, you tried to render an object,
we expected a React component.
And then if you just throw the date
in there that's dateToString(),
it looks like crap.
So this is just a really
quick way to format it.
You don't need to install Moment.js,
which is 12 gigabytes, in order to-
>> [LAUGH]
>> Format a date string.
date-fns is actually a really good
package you can use, but even then,
I don't need to use those anymore,
I just use the regular date object.
It's come a long way, you can format
some stuff pretty well with it.
So we got that, and, yeah,
let's see what that looks like.
It should already be on the page,
so yeah, there we go.
Looking much better, looking much better.
The last thing we wanna do is
be able to click on this and
have it go to that page, right?
So let's set that up.
So what we can do is just
basically wrap these in a Link.
I'm not gonna do them here,
I'm gonna do them in the component that's
rendering them,
which will be the journal page.
So in the journal page here, these
EntryCards, I'll wrap them in a Link,
like so.
That way, if I wanna reuse
these cards somewhere else and
not have them link somewhere,
I can do that.
If I were to put the Link
in the card itself,
it's always gonna be linking somewhere.
That defeats the point of having
something flexible as a component.
So for the href, pretty simple.
We're just going to say
/journal/$.
We can take this key prop and move it
upward one, so it can leave us alone.
And that's it.
And now we can navigate to
a page that we didn't make yet.
So if you hover over it,
you can see it will try to navigate there.
And it works.